our first answer is going to be the
waltz which is kind of a good thing
because it's the one I was absolutely
dreading to be honest because it looks
quite stiff in a way so I'm kind of glad
I'm gonna get it over and done with
first because everyone makes it look so
easy it kind of just looks like
everyone's kind of stepping and gliding
through the floor but there is quite a
lot of tricky steps and also the timings
quite tricky as well so and yeah it's
proving a little bit difficult by
absolutely love it because it looks
absolutely gorgeous
you married music man
ballerina Oh me hahaha
there's lots of restrictions in the
walls
you've got the hold you have to have
contact with your partner you have to be
able to turn around move around floor
traveling musicality there's so much
going on so it's not going to be that
simple
my plan is to put the head down learn on
this choreography get it as spot-on as I
possibly can
I'm gonna do it in the supermarket I'm
gonna do it when I'm having a bath I'm
gonna do it while I'm watching the telly
I am so focused because when I come in
and dance event so I'm gonna be able to
impress him as much as I can with
everyone else so we'll see
turning back
I think my name Vincent secret weapon is
gonna be the fact that we're pretty
small think because we're so small and
little and everyone else is so big and
tall I thought we can only count on
speed we have to be faster than anyone
else corrector to the ground so wet
that's always helpful definitely look
like two munchkins we called each other
now this murse we are team Smurfs as
were so little in the world is just too
big for us